Stats Royale : Stats and Chest tracker for Clash Royale 

Check your next Chest!
Wondering when that Legendary or Magical chest is coming? We got you covered

Features:
Check what chest is coming to you (Yes.. they are not random!)
Add any player to your app:
Check your stats, your clan stats or your favorite Youtube player
Share your stats with your friends


Youtube PRO players of Clash Royale added by default
nickatnyte
MOLT
Chief Pat


Disclamer (also added on the app under Help tab):
"This content is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically approved by Supercell and Supercell is not responsible for it. For more information see Supercell’s Fan Content Policy: www.supercell.com/fan-content-policy."

This is a fan guide app with the use of some Supercell assets based on the popular game Clash Royale. Permitted Fan Content normally includes for example non-commercial fan-generated online guides and guide apps, fan meetups, fan pages and gameplay videos as long as they follow this Policy.
This fan app follow all the rules on this Policy for the assets of Supercell' Clash Royale.

Note:
This is not a WebView app of the fan created website statsroyale.com.







ITALIANO
Stats Royale per Clash Royale : controlla i Bauli in arrivo !


Stats Royale : scopri i tuoi prossimi bauli di Clash Royale

Bauli in arrivo
Vuoi sapere quali saranno i tuoi prossimi Bauli ? Ora è possibile.

Caratteristiche:
Vedi in tempo reale quale Baule stai per sbloccare (Baule Leggendario/Super Magico/ecc)
Aggiungi qualsiasi giocatore :
Vedi info dei tuoi amici, del tuo clan o dei tuoi Youtuber preferiti
Condividi le tue statistiche con i tuoi amici

Youtuber italiani aggiunti di default che giocano a Clash Royale:
CiccioGamer89
St3pny
DragonSteak TV
Grax
Anima

Youtuber internazionali di Clash Royale
nickatnyte
MOLT

Disclamer (aggiunto anche nell'app sotto il tab Help):
"This content is not affiliated with, endorsed, sponsored, or specifically approved by Supercell and Supercell is not responsible for it. For more information see Supercell’s Fan Content Policy: www.supercell.com/fan-content-policy."

This is a fan guide app with the use of some Supercell assets based on the popular game Clash Royale. Permitted Fan Content normally includes for example non-commercial fan-generated online guides and guide apps, fan meetups, fan pages and gameplay videos as long as they follow this Policy.
This fan app follow all the rules on this Policy for the assets of Supercell' Clash Royale.

Note:
This is not a WebView app of the fan created website statsroyale.com.

